** Easy Capture **

Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh there is no install really required for this software.
If you're got this far you're pretty much done, I mean you had to untar
the archive to read this so you're probably already done. Just make 
sure you put these files in a PHP enabled directory and point your 
browser to that location. Probably a good idea to extract with:
tar xvzfp easy_capture.x.x.tar.gz so that the permissions get setup
correctly. Otherwise just make sure your images and images/thumbs 
directories are writable by the user your HTTP server runs as.

EasyCapture requires PHP 4.x+, GD. EasyCapture has some additional 
capabilities if you have freetype installed, I recommend installing it
if you have the option. If you don't have a GD enabled PHP EasyCapture 
will detect that and give you an error. If you don't have PHP 4.x+... 
well you'll know because you'll get all kinds of code warnings.

At minimum you'll need to configure PHP: "--with-gd" and probably 
"--with-freetype" as well to make sure PHP has the libraries EasyCapture 
uses.

After you have extracted the files if you navigate to the directory you
installed in your web browser you should be prompted with some choices:

1) Bookmarklet: Drag this bookmarklet to your browsers toolbar and 
   click on it on any page with an image you want to capture. It will
	show all the available images on that page. Click on the one you 
	want and your web server will copy that image and create a thumbnail
	for you.

2) Gallery: This shows all the images that you've captured so far. 
   You can view the larger (fullsize) images by clicking on each 
	thumbnail. View the HTML you'll need to embed the thumbnail on
	your homepage, LiveJournal, or EBay. Delete and Rename are pretty
	explanatory.

3) Capture: This allows you to upload images to your EasyCapture 
   gallery (a maximum of five at a time) from your local computer.

That's it! I designed EasyCapture to be very simple and straight 
forward. If you have any questions drop me an email.

Scott Baker - scott@perturb.org
2005/06/26

P.S. Download and install Firefox, it's the best browser out there!
P.P.S If you're looking for some images to capture check out:
      http://www.perturb.org/lj_images.php
